So what is happening is we will just go with the screenshot.
cue2
So when we initially called the first API call for the reset, what happens is the course,
cue3
the course which we deleted where the course was assigned. So that one doesn't get added.
cue4
But when we do this, do it second time, it is added properly. So that is the issue.
cue5
One minute one minute. So what is the function here? What should be the function here? Say you have assigned the first you added the course to a school.
cue6
Then you will associated the school to the course to another school.
cue7
Both were created by the or added by the verifier. So now you are deleting the second school.
cue8
So after deletion of the second school, when you are not resetting, so what will happen to the course where we will get associated because the association is gone now for that course.
cue9
So what will happen?
cue10
So the course is essentially gets deleted when we delete the school.
cue11
But when we do a reset, the idea is.
cue12
Or deleted or the association is deleted.
cue13
School the course also gets deleted.
cue14
So this example, I mean we can try with this one.
cue15
Could it be like this or is a in a database it is like this because the course isn't the course and independent entity independent of the school because you can re associate to any school.
cue16
Yeah, but the association should go.
cue17
But where will that course be assigned then?
cue18
So that is in the course list.
cue19
In the course list shouldn't it be there?
cue20
We can check that we can try it.
cue21
I am also got confused now.
cue22
So your question is valid.
cue23
I just got confused.
cue24
Why what is the idea?
cue25
5773.
cue26
2024 will select this one.
cue27
This is a test.
cue28
I.
cue29
Currently no schools are added by very fat.
cue30
So I will add one school.
cue31
And so you allocated 100% to this project you're working on another project also.
cue32
No, I have the allocation, but I don't know.
cue33
But I'm given some APD tasks from amcass for schools also.
cue34
I think of 5 or 6 5 or 6 tickets are there.
cue35
Okay, so you are switching based on the tickets.
cue36
Okay.
cue37
So we have this courses right will select one of course name computer will select this one.
cue38
School academy of computer technology.
cue39
Do a reassociation with Alaska Bible.
cue40
Okay.
cue41
It was safe.
cue42
Now I need to go ahead and delete.
cue43
Firstly we'll check if that course was added to Alaska Bible.
cue44
Yeah, we have it.
cue45
To go and delete Alaska Bible.
cue46
Say okay, what happened to that course.
cue47
See the course also got deleted.
cue48
There's no computer course.
cue49
Now what I do what I'll do is click on reset.
cue50
Yeah.
cue51
Yeah, only the associated courses are there.
cue52
So how so when you they do soft delete.
cue53
So you know I call this reset functionality.
cue54
Okay, if you see there was no computer course added right in the response also you will see.
cue55
Is it there?
cue56
I don't see it.
cue57
This is a school name.
cue58
This is a school name that is fine.
cue59
We don't see that computer course here.
cue60
So now I'll do a reset again.
cue61
See the course gets added now.
cue62
So this is the issue.
cue63
You can use this ID which is mentioned in the ticket and try to analyze why this is happening.
cue64
So first time the course was not available.
cue65
But it's second time it is there.
cue66
Can you please just re-act the thing.
cue67
So so you got the scenario right how to reproduce this.
cue68
So about the reset button.
cue69
So what reset does is so there's a separate table from where it just takes whatever the initial data was and adds to our.
cue70
I mean the more database so that is what the reset functionality does.
cue71
But currently what is happening is when we click on reset.
cue72
And try to check like if the courses are reset properly.
cue73
So in for the first click it is not happening.
cue74
But for the second time it is happening.
cue75
The reset is working properly for the second instance not for the first.
cue76
So that is the we have to check the whatever payload is going in the first reset and the second reset.
cue77
The payload is fine.
cue78
See in the payload we just have application here nothing much.
cue79
Okay.
cue80
Just ID and application here.
cue81
So basically just need to confirm what is different.
cue82
Different in both the request from.
cue83
You can just check the locks.
cue84
So you will find where exactly that particular lambdas I'm also not sure.
cue85
So you can just go through the code try to check based on the API based on this API course of a P.
cue86
What exactly is going wrong.
cue87
And then you can just add a comment in the ticket mentioning this can be the issue.
cue88
Or if you don't find it just text me like whatever your observation is.
cue89
Okay.
cue90
What did right.
cue91
Okay then.
cue92
Before you log out just just let me know I mean whatever.
cue93
Yeah, yeah, sure.
cue94
Okay, thanks.
cue95
Yeah, thank you.